OSDOCS-5987-wc:bug batch and KI (#66844)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-14-release-notes.adoc

* The `vsphereStorageDriver` field of the Storage Operator object has been deprecated and will be removed in a future release. This field was used to opt in to CSI migration on {product-title} 4.13 vSphere clusters, but it has no effect on {product-title} 4.14 and newer clusters. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-13914[*OCPBUGS-13914*])

//[discrete]
//[id="ocp-4-14-windows-containers-bug-fixes"]
//==== Windows containers
// Added after OCP GA

> //* Previously, Window nodes could not be deconfigured because of conatainerd log files that were not removed. Now, containered runtime is stopped before removing the log files, fixing the issue. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-14700[*OCPBUGS-14700*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
//* Previously, Window nodes could not be deconfigured because of `containerd` log files that were not removed. Now, `containerd` runtime is stopped before removing the log files, fixing the issue. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-14700[*OCPBUGS-14700*])
```

* Installation fails when installing {product-title} with the `bootMode` set to `UEFISecureBoot` on a node where Secure Boot is disabled. Subsequent attempts to install {product-title} with Secure Boot enabled will proceed normally. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-19884)[*OCPBUGS-19884*])

> * There is a known issue after enabling and disabling IPsec during runtime that causes the cluster to be in an unhealthy state with the error message: `an unknown error has occurred: MultipleErrors`. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-19408[*OCPBUGS-19408*])

Author: @weliang1 PTAL

Reviewer 2: @JoeAldinger /lgtm
